docs: update safari compatibility in readme.txt (#63)
gambitph/Cimo: readme.txt

* No extra bandwidth
* No external image-processing services

> > **Note:** Cimo works in all modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera). In Safari, images will be optimized and uploaded as JPG, but WebP conversion is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Cimo works in all modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera). In Safari, images will be optimized but will keep their original file format. WebP conversion is not supported in Safari.
```

= Does Cimo work in all browsers? =

> Cimo works in all modern browsers including Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Opera. In Safari, images will be optimized and uploaded as JPG, but WebP conversion is not supported. For WebP conversion, please use any of the browsers listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cimo works in all modern browsers including Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Opera. In Safari, images will be optimized but will keep their original file format. WebP conversion is not supported in Safari.```

Yes! The settings page includes a statistics dashboard showing:
- Total storage saved
- Percentage reduction

> - Number of  optimized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number of media files optimized
```
